Feature/hop-73 - Documentation of Icon Component (#106)
gsoft-inc/wl-hopper: apps/docs/content/icons/getting-started/usage.mdx

function MyComponent() {
  return (
      <AlertIcon size="sm" />
  );
}
```

## Alternatives

If you can't use React components, you can use the SVG file directly. In order to do so you need to import the SVG file from the `@hopper-ui/svg-icons` package.

### In CSS

Icons can be used in CSS by importing the SVG file directly.

```css title="MyComponent.css"
.myComponent {
    background-image: url("@hopper-ui/svg-icons/dist/alert-24.svg");
}
```

### As a SVG file

If you can't use React components, you can use the SVG file directly. The way you import the SVG file depends on your tech stack.

```jsx title="MyComponent.jsx"
import Alert24 from '@hopper-ui/svg-icons/dist/alert-24.svg';
```

## Styling

Icons can be styled with the `color` and `size` [props](#props).

```jsx title="MyComponent.jsx"
import { AlertIcon } from "@hopper-ui/icons";

function MyComponent() {
  return (
      <Alert size="small" color="primary" />
  );
}
```

## Props

### Size

While SVG's can be scaled without loosing their quality, shrinking them can result in a loss in visual quality. Size allows designers to adapt icons to the required size, while preserving their graphic quality.

> Three size are available, 16px, 24px and 32px. Each size should be used in their specific use case, you should not resize these manually, wheter via Styled Props or CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Three sizes are available, 16px, 24px and 32px. Each size should be used in their specific use case, you should not resize these manually, whether via Styled Props or CSS.
```
